Copies Atlas CLI commands for release tag: atlascli/v1.31.0 (#759)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/command/atlas-kubernetes-config-generate.txt

     - 
     - false
     - Flag that generates kubernetes secrets with data for projects, users, deployments entities.
   * - --independentResources
     - 
     - false

>      - Flag that makes the generated resources that support independent usage, to use external IDs rather than Kubernetes references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Flag that indicates whether the generated resources that support independent usage use external IDs rather than Kubernetes references.
```
